hi everyone and welcome to our weekend
recap addition to racing one cast here
from the Kansas Speedway and it was a
wild day on Sunday with two red flags
for rain delays several accidents and
finally darkness before Greg Biffle was
declared the winner of the light black
400 pit bulls Aflac Ford was in front
when NASCAR called the race on lap 210
to give him the victory and afterward
Biffle talked about the way his car was
handling down the stretch in this wild
race and then I was too loose and then
tight at the beginning of a run on tires
to be able to keep up with the field and
I've moved to the top and my car was
pretty good up there but the first 10 15
laps of the run I was his way too loose
to run at the top but after I got about
15 laps in I started running those guys
down like mad so you know that was that
was our deal and Greg came up with some
changes on the car or during that rain
delay and it really really helped the
car home state favorite Clint Bowyer we
started off the chase with the win in
New Hampshire came home second and the
Kansas native talked about his good
fortune and his place in the chase he'd
ever asked me if I thought I'd be
leading it Nextel Cup championship you
know I'd have told you you're crazy and
just you know you surround yourself with
good people in the sky's the limit and I
really believe in human race team with
Jack down a Chevrolet and you know
Richard and everybody at RCR I mean it's
a total group effort to come in and run
at this level and like I say we knew we
had to pick up you know pick up our
program to run with these guys and and
we've answered that call jimmie johnson
finished third after starting from the
rear of the field when he was forced to
a backup car after winning the pole but
then crashing in practice Casey Mears
was fourth and Jeff Gordon rounded out
the top five not a good day for seven
drivers who are chase contenders
including Kyle Busch was involved in an
incident with Dale Earnhardt jr. early
in the race Bush finished 41st Tony
Stewart was actually leading the race at
the second rain delay when NASCAR put
the race Beckham
green Stewart had a tire cut was
involved in an accident that took out
Carl Edwards as well Stewart finished
39th Edwards finished 37 Martin Truex Jr
was 38 Jeff Burton 36 Matt Kenseth 35th
and Denny Hamlin 29th the roundup a bad
day by the chasers Johnson is the point
leader now by six over Jeff Gordon with
Boyer third as the series heads the
Talladega Superspeedway for the debut of
the co t on a restrictor plate track
next sunday in the uaw ford 500 we have
much more from here in Kansas and racing
1.com including complete results photo
statistics and more post race analysis
and stay with us all week long as we
count down to chase race number for next
week when we'll be trackside at
Talladega again Greg tough will the
winner here at the Kansas Speedway or
racing what guests this is Pete the
stony reporting
you